[Music]
his name was father of brainy he was the
closest thing to God to wingman this is
going to be the most honest confession
of my life
do you feel aroused you see children in
underwear I say yeah although children
who are nakedness aid yeah he had sexual
urges towards a nine year old is that
cause to remove him from ministry no
Mahoney said we knew that you were being
abused but you were girl had you been a
boy that would have been obscene the
thing he had to do then to avoid scandal
was to move O'Grady to an outlining
parent I was a danger to them but I
would have been a danger to others as
well
and I have to ask did he ever touch you
when you were a little girl
he said yes and the whole world
I've been down on bended knee a new
children were being victimized and they
did nothing except ensure that law
enforcement would not fall into the
Galilee spoke to me in the voice so
sweet
do you think that somebody should have
told the cops that already had been
previously accused repeat that please
please let go do my will I've
encountered deception perjury denial and
deceit the highest levels of Catholic
Church element God's gonna cut you down
you
[Music]